is the answer or for situation all since every situation is going to be
different you need to see a isn't life or death what a do I need what
is it that okay do I need to make a decision alright let alone that'll
or go out five to study it yeah most times when you're lost to
the bridge you know that one's fine to make the you know the speed
of AS is not good at that so one of these is so much fun though I have
the date and you know one thing I would say basic far five far as
yeah or what was left in one nine eleven towers all night your you
walk into a far you do not belong to a fox you into a fire there's
going to be some aspect of the far right there or Wall USS Cole leave
your team yeah our and you know all the way at the water yeah all
right and yet it will be shipped back in the bottle walking to the car
walk yeah